---
title: NOUMENA BLOCKCHAIN AND HTTP CONNECTOR DEVELOPER LICENSE (Developer) 
---

SEPTEMBER 2025

# NOUMENA BLOCKCHAIN AND HTTP CONNECTOR <br>DEVELOPER LICENSE AND TERMS OF USE

THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONSTITUTE A BINDING CONTRACT ON YOU AND GOVERN YOUR LICENSE TO THE NOUMENA BLOCKCHAIN AND 
HTTP CONNECTORS FOR DEVELOPER PURPOSES (NOUMENA BLOCKCHAIN AND HTTP CONNECTOR DEVELOPER LICENSE).

BY USING THE NOUMENA BLOCKCHAIN AND HTTP CONNECTORS YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE LICENSE AND TERMS OF USE (TOGETHER THE 
“AGREEMENT”)

## 1. BACKGROUND

**NOUMENA DIGITAL AG**, a company incorporated in Switzerland, with registered number CHE-289.789.695 and registered
address Bahnhofstrasse 22, Zug, CH-6300, Switzerland (**Licensor**, **we**, **us** or **NOUMENA**), has developed a
language, the NOUMENA Protocol Language (**NPL**), a runtime system for this language (**NPL Runtime Environment**), a 
suite of connectors (**Blockchain and HTTP Connectors**) and development and DevOps tools (**Development and DevOps 
Tools**) to support the usage of the aforementioned language and runtime system.

The User (**you**, **yours**) is licensed to use the Blockchain and HTTP Connectors for the purpose of evaluation, 
development and testing. You may not use the Blockchain and HTTP Connectors in a production environment or for any 
commercial usage.

NOUMENA ACCEPTS NEITHER RESPONSIBILITY NOR LIABILITY FOR THE USAGE OF ANY THIRD PARTY TOOLS WHICH MAY BE NECESSARY FOR
THE OPERATION OF THE NOUMENA LICENSES. THESE ARE LICENSED TO YOU SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THE RELEVANT SUPPLIER.

The remainder of this license pertains specifically to **NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connector Developer License**:

## AGREED TERMS

## 2. Interpretation

The definitions and rules of interpretation in this section apply in this Agreement.

**Applicable Law**: any law (including common law or other binding law), statute, regulation, code, ordinance, rule,
judgment, order, decree or directive or any determination by or requirement of a competent authority, as amended from
time to time and as applicable to each party in relation to its provision of services to the other party pursuant to
this Agreement.

**Data**: means the proprietary data which you may share with us, including Personal Data.

**Data Protection Legislation**: any and all data protection or privacy law applicable anywhere in the world to the
Processing of Personal Data including Regulation 2016/679/EU, Directive 95/46/EC (**GDPR**), any and all national
implementations of that directive including the UK GDPR, Data Protection Act 2018 and any and all similar or comparable
laws, legislation and/or regulations in force from time to time.

The terms “Controller”, “Data Subject”, “Personal Data”, “Process”, and “Processor” shall have the meaning set out in
the GDPR.

**Derivative Works**: the NPL code and any supporting documentation and diagrams, produced by a NOUMENA Product, whether
in Source or Object form.

**Development and DevOps Tools**: An overview of the available Development and DevOps tools, along with instructions on
how to access them, can be found here: <https://documentation.noumenadigital.com/licenses/>.

**Harmful Code**: viruses, worms or similar harmful code.

**Intellectual Property Rights**: all patents, copyrights, design rights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets,
know-how, database rights and other rights in the nature of intellectual property rights (whether registered or not),
and all applications for the same which may now, or in the future, subsist anywhere in the world, including the right to
sue for and recover damages for past infringements.

**Object**: any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited
to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

**Source**: software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.

**Website**: <https://documentation.noumenadigital.com/licenses/>

## 3. Grant of License

3.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we grant you a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
royalty-free, non-transferable, revocable license to use the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors to prepare
Derivative Works for design, development, testing and non-commercial demonstration purposes. You may not use the NOUMENA
Blockchain and HTTP Connectors for any commercial purpose or in a production environment.

This license shall commence on the date you first download or otherwise access the contents of the repository and shall
remain valid for a period of three (3) months thereafter (“License Term”), unless terminated earlier in accordance with
this Agreement.

Upon expiry of the License Term, all rights granted to you under this Agreement shall automatically terminate. Please
refer to our Website for ways to obtain a new license.

3.2 The NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors are strictly restricted to personal use on a laptop, notebook, or 
personal computer. You may not, nor may you allow any third party to deploy it for any commercial purpose under any 
circumstances.

3.3 You are permitted to deploy the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors on your own cloud or on-premise infrastructure 
solely for the purpose of creating Derivative Works for non-commercial demonstration and for (automated) testing purposes. 
You shall not install, deploy, or otherwise make the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors available on a server or cloud 
infrastructure for any other purpose.

3.4 You may only create and store the Derivative Works on computers, or in source code repositories, owned by you. YOU
CANNOT PUBLICLY DEPLOY THE DERIVATIVE WORKS WHICH YOU HAVE CREATED USING THIS NOUMENA BLOCKCHAIN AND HTTP CONNECTOR 
DEVELOPER LICENSE.

3.5 You shall not, except as may be allowed by any Applicable Law which is incapable of exclusion by agreement between
the parties and except to the extent expressly permitted under this Agreement:

3.5.1 license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute or otherwise commercially exploit, or otherwise make the
Derivative Works available to any third party;

3.5.2 attempt to reverse compile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise reduce to human-perceivable form all or any
part of the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors;

3.5.3 access all or any part of the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors in order to build a competing product or 
service; or

3.5.4 introduce any Harmful Code to the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors.

3.6 You shall use appropriate hardware and software to use the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors and will take 
appropriate security precautions to prevent unauthorized access to your own computer systems.

3.7 You may not use the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors other than as specified in this Agreement without our 
prior written consent.

## 4. Intellectual Property Rights

4.1 All copyright, database rights and other Intellectual Property Rights in the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors 
shall belong to us or our licensors and you shall have no rights in respect of any of them except the right, as 
expressly granted under this Agreement, to use them in accordance with this Agreement.

4.2 You agree not to remove, suppress or modify in any way any proprietary marking, including any trade-mark or
copyright notice, on or in the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors.

4.3 You shall own all right, title and interest in and to all of the Derivative Works which you create using the NOUMENA 
Blockchain and HTTP Connectors and shall have sole responsibility for the legality, reliability, integrity, accuracy and 
quality of the Derivative Works.

## 5. Your Obligations

5.1 You undertake:

5.1.1 to comply with the acceptable usage policy and privacy policy, which are on our Website;

5.1.2 to use the latest versions of the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors; and

5.1.3 to comply with all Applicable Laws and regulations in relation to your activities under this Agreement.

5.2 You confirm that we are not responsible for checking Data (including for Harmful Code). We shall not be responsible
or liable for any loss, destruction, alteration or disclosure of your Data.

## 6. Our Obligations

6.1 We have and will maintain all necessary licenses, consents, and permissions necessary for the performance of our
obligations under this Agreement.

6.2 Unless required by Applicable Law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the NOUMENA BLOCKCHAIN AND HTTP 
CONNECTORS on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE APPROPRIATENESS OF USING OR REDISTRIBUTING THE 
DERIVATIVE WORKS AND ASSUME ANY RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR EXERCISE OF PERMISSIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

## 7. Liability

7.1 In no event, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by Applicable Law or
agreed to in writing, shall we be liable to you for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential damages arising as a result of this NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connector Developer License or out of the 
use or inability to use the Derivative Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, 
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if we have been advised of the 
possibility of such damages.

7.2 You will indemnify us and keep us indemnified against any loss, damage, claim or expense arising out of any claim
that the storage of (a) your Data via the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP Connectors by us infringes the Intellectual 
Property Rights of any third party; or (b) Personal Data uploaded by you using the NOUMENA Blockchain and HTTP 
Connectors infringes Data Protection Legislation.

## 8. Termination

8.1 We may terminate this Agreement immediately if you fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement.

8.2 This Agreement shall automatically expire at the end of the License Term without the need for further notice by either party.

## 9. Assignment

9.1 We may assign, sub-contract or otherwise transfer any of our rights or obligations under this Agreement without your
consent. You may only assign, sub-contract or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations with our prior
written consent.

## 10. Severability

10.1 If any provision of this Agreement is judged to be illegal or unenforceable, the continuation in full force and
effect of the remainder of the provisions shall not be prejudiced.

## 11. Waiver

11.1 No forbearance or delay by either party in enforcing its rights shall prejudice or restrict the rights of that
party and no waiver of any such rights or of any breach of any contractual terms shall be deemed to be a waiver of any
other right or of any later breach.

## 12. Entire Agreement

12.1 Each party acknowledges that in entering into this Agreement, it has not relied on any representation, undertaking,
promise or statement whether oral or in writing which is not expressly set out in this Agreement. Except as expressly
provided in this Agreement all conditions, warranties, stipulations and other statements whatsoever that would otherwise
be implied or imposed by statute, at common law, or otherwise howsoever are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by
law. Nothing in the foregoing shall however affect any liability for fraudulent misrepresentation. This Agreement and,
if applicable, the Commercial Terms of Use (which apply if you are required to pay to use NPL Products)contain the only
agreement(s) between the parties.

12.2 You will be notified of any changes to this Agreement on our Website. Changes to the Agreement will take effect
immediately upon such publication.

## 13. Third Party Rights

13.1 A person who is not party to this Agreement shall have no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act
1999 to enforce any term of this Agreement.

## 14. Data Protection

14.1 Each party shall comply with its obligations under the Data Protection Legislation Neither party shall by any act
or omission, deliberately put the other party in breach of the Data Protection Legislation and each party shall use all
necessary measures to ensure that it does not put the other party in breach of the Data Protection Legislation.

14.2 We will use your Personal Data and any information we obtain from you to provide you with our services, for
administration and customer services. We may keep your information for a reasonable period for these purposes.

14.3 We may transfer Personal Data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) if necessary for the above purposes and you
acknowledge that if the receiving country is outside the EEA, it may not have the same standards of data protection.

14.4 You confirm that you have all necessary licenses and consents to enable us to use your or a relevant third party’s
Personal Data as set out in this clause and you shall indemnify us against any liability that we may incur as a result
of Your failure to obtain such consents.

## 15. No Partnership or Agency

15.1 Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or shall be deemed to, establish any partnership or joint venture between
any of the parties, constitute any party the agent of another party, or authorise any party to make or enter into any
commitments for or on behalf of any other party.

15.2 Each party confirms it is acting on its own behalf and not for the benefit of any other person.

## 16. Governing Law

16.1 This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of England and Wales and each party
agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
